README.md, before:

Shield: [![CC BY-SA 4.0][cc-by-sa-shield]][cc-by-sa]

This work is licensed under a
[Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License][cc-by-sa].

[![CC BY-SA 4.0][cc-by-sa-image]][cc-by-sa]

[cc-by-sa]: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/
[cc-by-sa-image]: https://licensebuttons.net/l/by-sa/4.0/88x31.png
[cc-by-sa-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/License-CC%20BY--SA%204.0-lightgrey.svg

# Eolian Fénix Telemetry System

The complete system includes 3 Arduinos, one Android tablet and one PC as main components. This repository attaches all the .ino programs. The Android app is used to show speed and basic data inside the solar car. The Qt Application is used in an external PC as a monitoring interface.

# Android App

* Install Android Stduio
* Import the project and install dependencies
* Run/Install in a device

# Arduino

* Upload the specific program to the specific Arduino inside the solar car

# Qt

* Download Qt Creator with MinGW from: https://www.qt.io/download
* Build and run the program with the configuration needed

# Notes

The software is not optimal at all. It was developed under critical circumstances. There is a whole new telemetry system developed for the new solar car of the team Eolian. This version is compatible with Eolian Fenix and can be found here: https://github.com/mvargas33/Telemetria_Auriga

Commit message:

Clarified that contributions may be under GPLv3

README.md, after:

Shield: [![CC BY-SA 4.0][cc-by-sa-shield]][cc-by-sa]

This work is licensed under a [Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License][cc-by-sa]. 

[cc-by-sa]: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/
[cc-by-sa-image]: https://licensebuttons.net/l/by-sa/4.0/88x31.png
[cc-by-sa-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/License-CC%20BY--SA%204.0-lightgrey.svg

Our aim as a team is to share this software as an academic material, and contribute to solar car's community. We also want to give attribution to the people who put the effort to make this software possible. You may license your contributions to adaptations of this BY-SA 4.0 work under [GPLv3 Licence][GPLv3], it's BY-SA 4.0 compatible.

[GPLv3]: https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.html

# Eolian Fénix Telemetry System

The complete system includes 3 Arduinos, one Android tablet and one PC as main components. This repository attaches all the .ino programs. The Android app is used to show speed and basic data inside the solar car. The Qt Application is used in an external PC as a monitoring interface.

# Android App

* Install Android Stduio
* Import the project and install dependencies
* Run/Install in a device

# Arduino

* Upload the specific program to the specific Arduino inside the solar car

# Qt

* Download Qt Creator with MinGW from: https://www.qt.io/download
* Build and run the program with the configuration needed

# Notes

The software is not optimal at all. It was developed under critical circumstances. There is a whole new telemetry system developed for the new solar car of the team Eolian. This version is compatible with Eolian Fenix and can be found here: https://github.com/mvargas33/Telemetria_Auriga
